# About me

I’m 33 years old, I’m graduate in "Astronomy and Astrophysic" - at the "La Sapienza" University of Rome - and I’m specialized on dynamics of dense stellar systems and exoplanets systems. I have been for about 2 years a PHP software developer (frontend, and backend), using the Laravel framework; every day, I also used the SQL language (MySQL databases), and managed the static analysis of the code through SonarQube. The projects in which I participated were built on AWS cloud, where I also managed release pipelines (in particular, using CodePipeline, and CodeBuild). In particular, I worked on the migration to AWS (with a serverless architecture, created by myself) of an entire ETL nightly process. I worked as System Administrator and Cloud Engineer, for the ConTe.it Customer team: in this role, I managed the servers and processes built on AWS cloud, from network/security topics to management of release pipelines (in particular, with the use of Jenkins), up to the creation/management of CI/CD processes. I also assumed the role of administrator of the company's WordPress applications. At the moment, I'm working as Cloud Architecture & Operations Expert, at Lottomatica, managing VMs, kubernetes clusters, and CI\CD processes built on AWS and Azure clouds. I am also interested in Machine Learning and Data Science topics/processes. I'm an extrovert guy, I like to work in team (more brains are better than one!), and I’m always ready to test and improve my own skills, overcoming my limits.

Ctrl - Create the roaring impossible # TODO: to update
